Add bin packing logic for pods (#259)
awslabs/karpenter: docs/aws/bin_packing.md

> # Bin packing

Reviewer: Put a TODO in this doc to formalize it into a design. Call out that this is a POC and preliminary, not a final design state.

> Karpenter provisions instances based on the number of pending pods and their resource requirements (CPU and Memory). These requirements vary and is configured by the pod owners. Karpenter needs to make sure that there is sufficient capacity among the provisioned instances for these pods to be scheduled.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Karpenter provisions instances based on the number of pending pods and their resource requirements (CPU and Memory). These requirements vary and are configured by the pod owners. Karpenter needs to make sure that there is sufficient capacity among the provisioned instances for these pods to be scheduled.
```

> The easiest way is to provision an instance per pending pod, however, its not very efficient and can incur infrastructure cost for the user. In order to be able to schedule pods efficiently and be cost effective, Karpenter packs these pods on to the available instance types with the given set of constraints. Karpenter follows the [First Fit Decreasing](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bin_packing_problem#First_Fit_Decreasing_(FFD)) algorithm for bin packing the pods.

Reviewer 3: Could you add a brief sentence on why we chose FFD (for now?) - it's great there's a link to the algorithm but it would be also great to explicitly say why we chose it (otherwise the reader has to go to the doc and then kind of guess why we liked it?)

> The easiest way is to provision an instance per pending pod, however, its not very efficient and can incur infrastructure cost for the user. In order to be able to schedule pods efficiently and be cost effective, Karpenter packs these pods on to the available instance types with the given set of constraints. Karpenter follows the [First Fit Decreasing (FFD)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bin_packing_problem#First_Fit_Decreasing_(FFD)) algorithm for bin packing the pods. FFD technique chosen is less complex and relatively faster considering the number of pods and instance types available are not too high.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The easiest way is to provision an instance per pending pod, however, this is not very efficient and can incur infrastructure costs for the user. In order to be able to schedule pods efficiently and be cost effective, Karpenter packs these pods on to the available instance types with the given set of constraints. Karpenter follows the [First Fit Decreasing (FFD)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bin_packing_problem#First_Fit_Decreasing_(FFD)) algorithm for bin packing the pods. The FFD technique chosen is less complex and relatively faster considering the number of pods and instance types available are not too high.
```

> At a very high level, filter and group the pending pods into these smaller groups which can be scheduled together in one or more nodes in the same zone. Once these pods are grouped, following steps are taken to bin pack each group individually -

Reviewer 2: is this still accurate about the same zone?

Author: Yes, we filter the pods based on constraints and zone can be one of them.

Reviewer: We first do a scheduling constraints pass to produce a set of "constraint groups". Those pods are considered to be "equivalently schedulable". Each constraint group is then binpacked onto a set of nodes.

Reviewer 2: thanks for the extra details, i think i was confused because there was a mention of removing the zone-specific stuff during the call. maybe this would be clearer if it said "can be scheduled together in one or more nodes that match the constraint groups"?

> 1. Sort the pods in the group based on non-increasing order of the resources requested.

Reviewer: non-increasing -> Decreasing?

Author: I intentionally made it non-increasing because CPU/memory could be 2,2,1 and not strictly decreasing always.

2. Filter all the instance types available, given the cloud provider and node contraints (such as - zones, architecture).

> 3. Start with the largest pod and an instance tpye.

Reviewer 3: typo: `tpye`

The easiest way is to provision an instance per pending pod, however, its not very efficient and can incur infrastructure cost for the user. In order to be able to schedule pods efficiently and be cost effective, Karpenter packs these pods on to the available instance types with the given set of constraints. Karpenter follows the [First Fit Decreasing](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bin_packing_problem#First_Fit_Decreasing_(FFD)) algorithm for bin packing the pods.

At a very high level, filter and group the pending pods into these smaller groups which can be scheduled together in one or more nodes in the same zone. Once these pods are grouped, following steps are taken to bin pack each group individually -

- Sort the pods in the group based on non-increasing order of the resources requested.
- Filter all the instance types available, given the cloud provider and node contraints (such as - zones, architecture).
- Sort these instance based on increasing order of their capacity (CPU and memory).

> - Loop through the pods, starting with the biggest pod and selecting the smallest instance type.

Reviewer: Why does it matter what order of instance types we go through, if we're going through all of them?

Author: Yeah you are right it doesn't matter if they are sorted, as we are checking and comparing all the instance types. I will remove that logic.

    - If the pod doesn't fit this instance type, skip and select next bigger instance type.
    - If the pod fits this instance type, check how many more pods we can fit on this instance type.

>     - Compare all the instance types and select the one with max pods fit.

Reviewer: Do we even need to keep track of this over time? What if we just hold on to "current" and we know that it's the biggest fit we've found so far.

It seems like computing and selecting the max number of pods per instance has some weird incentives (small pods will coschedule, rather than filling in the gaps). It also defeats the purpose of starting with larger instances first (DFF), which by my understanding would help us produce a more efficient packing.

Author: Let's discuss about this. I think the smaller pods will be filling in the gaps.

Reviewer: Just so I understand this, 
A := (1, 1)
B := (1, 1)
C := (1, 1)
D := (4, 4)

N1 := (5, 5)
N2 := (4, 4)
Would this result in:

N1(A,B,C), N2(D) # most pods packed into N1
or 
N1(D, A), N2(B,C) # FFD, IIUC

Author: It will be the latter,  this [change](https://github.com/awslabs/karpenter/pull/259/commits/bf5fb58493dee1df5b17ad1c57255628d5391a94) I made in the morning today should help achieve this.
